Update plugin manifest doc (#800)
kubernetes-sigs/krew: site/content/docs/developer-guide/plugin-manifest.md

(e.g., `windows`, `darwin` (macOS), and `linux`) and different architectures
(e.g., `amd64`, `386`, `arm`, `arm64` and `ppc64le`).

> See [all supported platforms](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/krew/blob/master/cmd/validate-krew-manifest/main.go#L233-L249).

Reviewer: This link will almost certainly go out of date. :)

I think the right approach is to point to krew repo's releases page and say "Only plugins in platforms that krew itself is distributed are supported.", right?

(e.g., `windows`, `darwin` (macOS), and `linux`) and different architectures
(e.g., `amd64`, `386`, `arm`, `arm64` and `ppc64le`).

See [all supported platforms](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/krew/releases).

> Only plugins in platforms that krew itself is distributed (Release Assets) are supported.

Reviewer 2: also wanted to float the idea of having a static list here. i know its not great to have to update in multiple places when something new is supported but this isnt a frequent occurrence. when ppc64le was added the contributor also [remembered to update the docs](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/krew/pull/755/files#diff-bbfd929e7884a7e220b4bcddf4c4f992cde11c8b31fab08f874f7caf9ec87fa1R100). an option to help any drift between what's supported and the docs would be to add a comment (maybe to [here](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/krew/blob/master/hack/krew.yaml#L28)) as a reminder to update the docs area with the new platform.

if not then i think it reads better as part of the previous paragraph like
```suggestion
The supported platforms for plugins are the ones that Krew are distributed in.
See all supported platforms on the [releases page](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/krew/releases).
```

Author: Got it, updated.
PTAL thanks.
